The Spanish Fandilio.
I am the Spanish Fandilio.
I live in my great big Castileo.
I'm proud of my tra-la-la-lilio and the works of my tweetle-dum-dee.
One night I went to the abridio, and there I met a young senorito.
I showed her my tra-la-la-lilio, and the works of my tweetle-dum-dee.
I took her back to my castileo.
I laid her upon the sofileo.
My tra-la-la-lilio, and the works of my tweetle-dum-dee.
Next day I went to the doctorilio.
I showed him a tra-la-la-lilio.
He says, you have got the syphilio in the works of your tweetle-dum-dee.
Now I sit in my famous Castillo, with a roll of cotton bandillo, a swab of my tra-la-la-lilio, and the works of my tweedle-dom-dee.